DOCSP-45339 Update Oracle migration prerequisites (#188)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/includes/fact-short-sync-job-desc.rst

> - Snapshot migration jobs migrate all data, then stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Snapshot migration jobs migrate all data once, and then stop.
```

> - Continuous migration job run a snapshot and then enter a CDC stage to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Continuous migration jobs run a snapshot migration and then enter a CDC stage, which 
```

>   continuously replicate data changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  continuously replicates data changes.
```
